Add new rules - handle noise email rules (#7101)
SSWConsulting/SSW.Rules.Content: rules/handle-noise-email/rule.md

---
type: rule

> title: Do you know how to handle noise email

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Do you know how to handle noise email?
```

guid: e0d0429d-79a7-4005-a683-20f4a6671d08
uri: handle-noise-email
created: 2023-10-25T04:05:17Z
authors: 
  - title: Ben Neoh
    url: https://www.ssw.com.au/people/ben-neoh/

> related:

Reviewer: add this rule to related
https://www.ssw.com.au/rules/clean-your-inbox-per-topics/

---

<!--endintro-->

Emails that are automatically generated can quickly overload your inbox with less important message (E.g. Teams message, github, Azure Devops and etc)

![Inbox with noise email](Inbox-with-noise-email.png)

**❌ Figure: Inbox with noise from Azure Devops**

You can create a folder and rules in your outlook to store noise email from each sender. [Move message from specific sender](https://support.microsoft.com/en-gb/office/always-move-messages-from-a-specific-sender-e28d03c0-077d-4366-a348-4536f0fc9008)

![Noise email in individual folder](Noise-email-in-individual-folder.png)

> **✅ Figure: Noise email is now sent to a new created folder**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**✅ Figure: Using a rule we can move noisy Azure DevOps emails to a newly created folder**
```
